Docs: Source Google Analytics (GA4) docs update (#29179)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/integrations/sources/google-analytics-data-api.md

This page contains the setup guide and reference information for the Google Analytics 4 source connector.

> The Google Analytics 4 (GA4) connector represents the latest version of Google Analytics, introduced in 2020. It offers a new data model that emphasizes events and user properties, rather than pageviews and sessions. This updated model allows for more flexibility and customization in reporting, and provides more accurate measurement of user behavior across various devices and platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google Analytics 4 (GA4) is the latest version of Google Analytics, introduced in 2020. It offers a new data model that emphasizes events and user properties, rather than pageviews and sessions. This updated model allows for more flexibility and customization in reporting, and provides more accurate measurement of user behavior across various devices and platforms.
```

1. [Log in to your Airbyte Cloud](https://cloud.airbyte.com/workspaces) account.
2. In the left navigation bar, click **Sources**. In the top-right corner, click **+ New source**.
3. Find and select **Google Analytics 4 (GA4)** from the list of available sources.
4. In the **Source name** field, enter a name to help you identify this source.
5. Select **Authenticate via Google (Oauth)** from the dropdown menu and click **Authenticate your Google Analytics 4 (GA4) account**. This will open a pop-up window where you can log in to your Google account and grant Airbyte access to your Google Analytics account.
6. Enter the **Property ID** whose events are tracked. This ID should be a numeric value, such as `123456789`. If you are unsure where to find this value, refer to [Google's documentation](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/data/v1/property-id#what_is_my_property_id).
:::note

> If the Property Settings shows a "Tracking Id" such as "UA-123...-1", this denotes that the property is a Universal Analytics property, and the Analytics data for that property cannot be reported on in the Data API. You can create a new Google Analytics 4 property by following [these instructions](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9744165?hl=en).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Property Settings shows a "Tracking Id" such as "UA-123...-1", this denotes that the property is a Universal Analytics property, and the Analytics data for that property cannot be reported on using this connector. You can create a new Google Analytics 4 property by following [these instructions](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/9744165?hl=en).
```

- **Name**: The name of the custom report.
- **Dimensions**: An array of categories for data, such as city, user type, etc.
- **Metrics**: An array of quantitative measurements, such as active users, page views, etc.
- **CohortSpec**: (Optional) An object containing specific cohort analysis settings, such as cohort size and date range. More information on this object can be found in [the GA4 documentation](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/data/v1/rest/v1beta/CohortSpec).
- **Pivots**: (Optional) An array of pivot tables for data, such as page views by city, etc. More information on pivots can be found in [the GA4 documentation](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/data/v1/rest/v1beta/Pivot).

A full list of dimensions and metrics supported in the API can be found [here](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/reporting/data/v1/api-schema). To ensure your dimensions and metrics are compatible for your GA4 property, you can use the [GA4 Dimensions & Metrics Explorer](https://ga-dev-tools.google/ga4/dimensions-metrics-explorer/).

Custom reports should be constructed as an array of JSON objects in the following format:

> ```json

Reviewer: The examples are incredibly helpful. Good addition!
